AAVS-Beijing
============

TITLE: SU(PE)RREAL

Director: Li-Qun Zhao

SuperReal is about the manipulation of the mass information in the Big Data Era. Due to the development of multi-media technologies, everyone has submerged in the data ocean. Data could be generated by anything surround us. Instead of generating forms and effects, the key of SuperReal is, how we can parameterize the information mapping, regardless visible or invisible, with visual communication. Various multi-media tools will be used in data collection, processing and presentation. The workshop will start with exercises of data mapping and visualization through parametric modelling tools.

Surreal emerges when we represent and reproduce the SuperReal data with multi-media medium, which promotes more interactive response between clients and users. We understand the representation of SuperReal is the project itself, meaning iterative feedback from statistical database to inspirational presentations will generate the design concepts. In this workshop, we will borrow the techniques and knowledge for film, animation and game industries, to produce the super-real surreal architecture in-between the virtual and the real space. 

The context of our workshop will be based on the imagination of how people would use the Galaxy Soho in Beijing in 50 years from now on. As we know, the Galaxy Soho is a new icon among those most recognizable icons in the capital of China. All the icons are designed to play against the human scale as the way to respect humans. The application of the SuperReal & Surreal through multi-media tools is how to re-occupying the macro anti/pro-human iconic buildings with micro events in human scale inspired by the data mapping outputs that we produced in the early stage.

 

Some of the most prominent features, which the participants will be exposed to during AAVS Beijinginclude:   

•  Teaching team: 

AAVS Beijing tutors are selected from recent graduates / current tutors at the AA. Participants engage in an active learning environment where the large tutor to student ratio (5:1) allows for personalized tutorials and debates.

•  Facilities: 

AAVS Beijing is based on Tsinghua University, which offers laser cutting, CNC milling, and 3d printing facilities.

•  Computational skills: 

The toolset of AAVS Beijing includes the most advanced computational design tools, such as Rhinoceros, Maya, Digital Project, Processing, Arduino, and Grasshopper. According to the agenda of this year, it is also include InformationMapping and Multi-Media representation tools.

•  Theoretical understanding: 

The dissemination of fundamental design techniques and relevant critical thinking methodologies to the participants through theoretical sessions and seminars forms one of the major goals of AAVS Beijing.

•  Professional awareness: 

AAVS Beijing performs as a simulation of the professional environment due the priority given to team-based design approach. Participants ranging from 2nd year students to PhD candidates and full-time professionals experience a highly focused collaborative educational model, which promotes research-based design and making.

•  Fabrication: 

According to the specific agenda of each year, form node model to a one-to-one scale prototype could be fabricated and assembled by design teams.

•  Lecture series: 

Based on its unique location, Beijing, AAVS Beijing creates a vibrant atmosphere with its intense lecture programme conveying the diverse expertise of professionals from some of the world’s exciting practices in the areas of urbanization，regional and computational architecture design.
